Backport social 7.4.0 changes (#46590)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/packages/sync/CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [4.25.0] - 2026-01-14
### Added
- Instant Search: Add 'guest' custom taxonomy for Sync. [#46562]
- Jetpack Sync: Introduce Sync actions blacklist. [#46496]

### Fixed

> - Jetpack Sync:  Preventing attempting to sync modules that we are not ready to sync. [#46475]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduce Sync actions blacklist. [#46496]

### Fixed
- Prevent attempting to sync modules that we are not ready to sync. [#46475]
```
